# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair David)

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair David)

| First Name | Last Name | Company           | Role(s)                 |
|:-----------|:----------|:------------------|:------------------------|
|            |           |                   |                         |

## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (Co-Chair David)

## 1.4 Approval of agenda (Co-Chair David)

* [https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/download.php/71329/agenda_20230810.html](https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/document.php?document_id=71329&wg_abbrev=sarif)

The agenda was approved.

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (Co-Chair David)

* [Minutes of 2023-08-10 Meeting #78](https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/document.php?document_id=71255&wg_abbrev=sarif)

The minutes were approved.

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions (Secretary Stefan)

* ACTION on Charles to provide extensions to the roadmap document [Future.md](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/sarif-spec/blob/main/Future.md) per pull request
  * ... 
* ACTION on David Keaton to send out after comment period end a mail to the TC mailing list with a proposal for how to proceed
  * COMPLETE 
* ACTION on David Keaton to follow-up on that mail a week after to push the Errata into the publication loop
  * COMPLETE 
* ACTION on David Malcolm to prepare the proposal 'Suggestions for more threadFlowLocation "kinds" property values #530' for acceptance by the TC
  * ONGOING 
* ACTION on Aditya to split 'Rationalize GitHub/CodeQL-proposed `precision` and `security-severity` properties #598' into isolated issues and proposals for `precision` and `security-severity` for acceptance by the TC
* * ONGOING

## 1.7 Identification of SARIF TC voting members (Co-Chair David)

### 1.7.1 Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

* ...

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

* ...

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

* ...

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence

* Nathan Baird

# 2. Future Meetings

## 2.1 Future meeting schedule (Co-Chair David)

- Scheduled Teleconference (Thursday at 08:00 PT / 15:00 UTC for 1.5 hours)
    ```
     October 12
    ```
- Proposed Teleconference (Thursday at 08:00 PT / **16:00** UTC for 1.5 hours)
    ```
    November 9 (after daylight savings time ends)
    ```

# 3. Liaisons

## 3.1 [OpenSSF](https://openssf.org/) Security Tools group

> Liaison Group: ForAllSecure/Thanassis Avgerinos, Contrast Security/Jeff Williams, Microsoft/Michael Fanning

* Report status and any communication from OpenSSF Security Tools
  * ...
* Compose a liaison statement to OpenSSF Security Tools if appropriate
  * ...

# 4. Discussion

## 4.1 Status of SARIF 2.1.0 errata ([Publication Request Ticket](https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-4409))

* David:
  * The Approved Errata document is in the queue to be published!
  * There is no further action we need to take for it.

## 4.2 Review current state of ecosystem ongoing work

* ...

## 4.3 Review outcomes of subgroup discussions

* ...

## 4.4 Discuss the list of small, non-breaking changes for SARIF v2.2

* ...

## 4.5 Review Roadmap [Future.md](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/sarif-spec/blob/main/Future.md)

* ...

## 4.6 Discuss SARIF's relationship to other relevant standards

* ...

# 5. Other Business

* ...

# 6. Resolutions and Decisions reached (by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end)

## 6.1 End debate of other issues by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end and follow the agenda from this point (Co-Chair David)

## 6.2 Review of Decisions Reached (Secretary Stefan)

* DECISION to ...

## 6.3 Review of Action Items (Secretary Stefan)

* Ongoing ACTION (from former meetings) on ...
* ACTION on ...

# 7. Next Meeting

  ```
  October 12, 2023 / 08:00-09:30 PT / 15:00-16:30 UTC
  ```

# 8. Adjournment

Meeting was ...

